src/content/docs/guides/Trading.mdx, before:

---
title: Trading
sidebar:
  order: 5
---

Various trade goods can be produced at a station's **Commodity Fabricator** and then sold for a profit at other stations. Each station can produce unique goods from unique materials – some may be easier to come by than others. Available trading partners vary depending on the NCWL's relationship with other factions.

The value of trade goods tends to increase the farther you travel from their point of origin. Goods hauled to a nearby station will typically sell for less than goods hauled to a distant station.

## How-To

1. Find a **Commodity Fabricator** on a station. Check what it can produce and what materials are needed for production.

2. Gather the **materials** and insert them into the Fabricator. This may entail growing plants or salvaging wreckage.

3. Print as many **crates** as desired and load them into any ship large enough to transport them.

4. Bring the creates to a different station with a **Turn-in Chute**. At the Turn-in Chute, insert the crate (click the chute using the same hand dragging the crate) and it will dispense a **deed**.

5. Insert the deeds into a **Deed Console** to receive a credit chip. This should be done at an NCWL station, as the station's faction receives a small amount of money from each deed as an incentive to promote trading. Deposit your credit chips at an ATM.

Commit message:

update Trading guide with note about Station Commissary

src/content/docs/guides/Trading.mdx, after:

---
title: Trading
sidebar:
  order: 5
---

Various trade goods can be produced at a station's **Commodity Fabricator** or purchased at a **Station Commissary** and then sold for a profit at other stations. Each station has a unique list of trade goods that can be purchased or produced from materials – some easier to come by than others. Available trading partners vary depending on the NCWL's relationship with other factions.

The value of trade goods tends to increase the farther you travel from their point of origin. Goods hauled to a distant station will typically sell for more than goods hauled to a nearby station.

## How-To

1. Find a **Commodity Fabricator** or **Station Commissary** on a station, typically in cargo- or industry-related areas. You can view the material or monetary costs of available trade goods at these machines.

2. If crafting goods using a Commodity Fabricator, gather necessary **materials** via mining, salvage, or botany. If purchasing goods from the Station Commissary, money will be deducted directly from your bank account.

3. Print as many **crates** as desired and load them into any ship large enough to transport them.

4. Bring the creates to a different station with a **Turn-in Chute**. At the Turn-in Chute, insert the crate (click the chute using the same hand dragging the crate) and it will dispense a **deed**.

5. Insert the deeds into a **Deed Console** to receive a credit chip. This should be done at an NCWL station, as the station's faction receives a small amount of money from each deed as an incentive to promote trading. Deposit your credit chips at an ATM.
